<!--
Copyright (C) 2022 Eunimart Omnichannel Pvt Ltd. (www.eunimart.com)
All rights reserved.
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v3.0 as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Lesser General Public License v3.0 for more details.
You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License v3.0
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.html/>.

-->

## Orders

### Sales Orders
A sales order is a document generated by the seller specifying the details about the product or services ordered by the customer. Along with the product and service details, sales order consists of price, quantity, terms, and conditions etc.

### Purchase Orders
A purchase order is a contract between a buyer and a seller that specifies details such as the goods or services to be provided, the delivery date, and any other terms and conditions, such as the price. 'PO' stands for purchase order. Both the supplier and the consumer benefit from purchase orders.

### Delivery Orders
E-commerce shipping is the way in which products ordered online are delivered to the location of the buyer. Direct to consumer brands now increasingly rely on online channels for sales and managing and handling the delivery logistics is an important aspect for them to manage.


### Scrap Orders
A product that does not pass the quality check and cannot be repaired or maintained to make it saleable will be scrapped by the team.

### Internal Stock Transfers
An internal stock transfer is a document containing all the data required for planning and monitoring warehouse-internal product movements.
Stock transfer describes a process in warehouse logistics for moving goods from one part of the distribution chain to another. In general, the stock transfer is aimed at optimising the storage capacity according to certain strategies.


Eunimart
